---
date: 2020-05-24 12:05:17.357100
---

# This Week's Accomplishments: May 24, 2020

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :bed: Make my bed
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: Log daily wip.chat tasks
- [x] :calendar: PSF Board Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :coffee: Make cold brew coffee
- [x] :house_with_garden: Mow the lawn
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :wine_glass: Pick up my wine from wine club

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] Met with 

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

The last three months have taken a toll, but this week I felt like I started getting some items off my plate that felt like they were impossible to get done otherwise. 

I heavily weighed running again for the PSF Board. My goal is to be helpful and as long as I can be useful and cut through the usual layer of BS, which keeps non-profits from actually accomplishing anything. 

When I looked back at my first two years on the board, and what we were able to accomplish, it motivated me to run again. There were times that I felt the weight of pushing forward on issues that needed to be dealt with and quite frankly hadn't been. Thanks to other board members who equally cared, we were able to do a lot. 

Regardless, I'm at peace with either outcome. When I ran two years ago, I was shocked to be elected, and I'm proud of what we accomplished over the past two years. 

Outside of that, it was a busy four-day week with me spending more time writing than I usually would and dealing with contracts. 

The last half the week has been spent watching my country meltdown and the depression which centered around that feeling of helplessness. 
