---
date: 2020-04-26 12:02:44.450561
---

# This Week's Accomplishments: April 26, 2020

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

### Daily Goals

- [x] :bed: Make my bed
- [x] :calendar: Log daily wip.chat tasks
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

### Weekly Goals

- [x] :coffee: Make cold brew coffee
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals

### Monthly Goals

- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay house payment
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :art: Made design updates to my blog
- [x] :rocket: Shipped several new LFK.im updates getting ready for non-restaurants
- [x] :space_invader: Django Channels + gamedev

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week marked the almost two-month mark of adhering to our state's stay-at-home order. My son was peak terrible-twos at times, but we are told that daycare is resuming this Monday. While we have mixed feelings about him returning, we could use a bit of a buffer.

It was a mixed productive week for me. I worked on a game dev demo that uses Django Channels as the actual server for managing state. I struggled for a few nights before stumbling on some examples by Andrew, which made things start to click. I spend three late nights on it and haven't resumed yet, but I hope to finish it this week.

I also trimmed, mowed the lawn, and fought headaches off and on this week. 
