
# This Week's Accomplishments: February 7, 2016

## This Week's Focus: overit.gif stress

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Box up t-shirts (finally)
- [x] Cooking: Meyer Lemon-Glazed Catfish
- [x] Cooking: Spicy Orange Chicken Wings (:star:)
- [x] Cooking: Steak Tacos & Mole Verde
- [x] DjangoCon US: Contact Venues
- [x] DjangoCon US: Schedule meetings
- [x] DjangoCon US: Time for public announcements!
- [x] DjangoCon US: Update budget
- [x] DjangoCon US: Write-up time lines
- [x] Trail Hawk Board Meeting
- [x] Two big KU games
- [x] Work on weekly personal-goals project

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] Establish Coffee Shop time
- [ ] Finish 2015 Year in Review post (I write slowly)
- [ ] Practice Ukulele
- [ ] Setup 1Writer and writing workflow (started working on it)
- [ ] Work on istheleadsafe.com
- [ ] Work on React JS

## Next Week's Focus: It's DjangoCon US time!

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] Started documenting / brain dumping [DjangoCon US](https://github.com/djangocon/djangocon-us-docs)
- [x] Met with Lacey to discuss where the conference is
- [x] Met with Peter to discuss sponsorship
- [x] Watched KU win to big games (OU and West Virginia)

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

After months and months of working on where DCUS will be, we have a venue and announced it. It's amazing how stressful having to let a group know that they didn't get the bid is though. I'm hoping we can have a much quicker turn around time next year and hopefully have a second event to announce.

This week the fun begins and we get to start planning and kick off our planning sessions. At this point last year, we weren't sure where DCUS would be and everything was in flux. This year, we get to spend a majority of our energy focusing on making DCUS amazing instead of cleaning up from previous years.

I haven't been as happy with my work life because of working on a difficult project. Finally hit a wall and I had to draw some lines in the sand. Going forward, it'll be easier regardless. This week I'm taking a bit of a break from my normal client work to work on an internal project.

Cooking is going well and I'm starting to feel like a pro. I still read the instructions, but everything has more of an order. I set the oven, chop the veggies, run the dish water, and everything else falls into place. By the time I'm finished cooking, most of my dishes are even clean.

As someone who hates shopping at grocery stores, Blue Apron is a huge game changer for me. Now I'm starting to look at replacing some of my old cookware and upgrading some of my pans based on proper meal portions.

I finally went through my t-shirts and clothes that I don't ware anymore and I ended up with two full bags to donate. I still have boxes in my basement to go through, but this is quite a dent in what was an out of control situation. I'm pretty picky about conference t-shirts but I tend to overbuy basics or find better brands that fit or feel better. Someday I'll figure out how to adult better. 
