# This Week's Accomplishments: August 22, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Ankle Deep

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :bike: to work
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :books: Write a new TIL
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :guitar: Practice Ukulele
- [x] :guitar: Ukulele class week 2
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Two or three runs (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Basque-Style Lamb & Beef Piperade
- [x] :stew: Chilled Chicken Ramen
- [x] :stew: Seared Cod & Summer Succotash
- [x] :tea: Brew my own iced tea
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :running: Ran a 5K (33:40)
- [x] :space_invader: GameDev research
- [x] :space_invader: GameDev shell / demo

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Budget estimate :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Chair Roles and Duties :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Venue Comparison Spreadsheet :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Post conference sponsor survey
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Post conference wrap up
- [ ] :coffee: Brew my own cold-press coffee
- [ ] :muscle: Two Kettlebell workouts
- [ ] :running: Write out a running plan

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week didn't go at all as planned. I had a friend visit whom I haven't seen in a few years so that was a nice diversion.

I almost felt like a runner again. I completed my first race since my marathon three years ago. It was a 5k and I planned on walking most of it, but I secretly wanted to beat 45 minutes. I felt pretty good at the second mile marker but when I checked my watch I was 22 minutes into it. At this point, I knew even if I walked back I would finish in under 40 minutes. Two short walk breaks (30 secs max each) I finished at 33:40 which I was really happy with since this was my sixth run back in three years. In retrospect, four years ago I set my 5k PR at ~24:30 and I didn't even race for speed. So I'm happy with my time even though I took four walk breaks.

I worked on my DCUS goals, but I wasn't able to complete any of them. I was on call for COC issues over the weekend and that took up a bit more of my time than expected.

I spent some downtime playing Uke during the week and researching game development over the weekend. I picked up a copy of my all-time favorite game development book for $0.91 off of Amazon because my copy was buried in my storage unit (a story for a different day). 

If one is ever board, research fluorescent yellow vs. yellow highlighters for an amazing comment rabbit hole deep dive. I did and it took me 45 minutes and 2am came way too quickly one night trying to sort it all out. There are also dozens of types of highlighters too.

I normally do not mark in books but since I now have two copies of a book, I had no guilt highlighting and adding post-it page flags to mark the best sections. This all points to the fact that I am going to work on some type of simulation game before the year is up. I have already started playing around with PyGame and I while I wish it were as opinionated as Django, I'm happy with where I'm at today with it and how to lay out certain aspects that once alluded me.
