# This Week's Accomplishments: March 6, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Big Announcements :sparkles:

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Cooking: Alsatian Spiced Chicken
- [x] Cooking: Catfish Meunière
- [x] Cooking: Steaks au Poivre
- [x] DCUS: DGUS (Meeting)
- [x] Setup 1Writer and writing work flow
- [x] Trail Hawk Board Meeting
- [x] Watch the Big-12 Tournament
- [x] Work on TILs
- [x] Work on weekly personal-goals project

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] DCUS: Open Day (Planning)
- [ ] DCUS: Sponsorship (Meeting)
- [ ] Work on Condor :email:

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] DCUS: Lots of random website updates
- [x] Helped out at the [Pi Day River Rotation](https://trailhawks.com/races/2016/mar/12/pi-day-river-rotation-6/) Aid Station

## Next Week's Focus: :basketball: and announcements

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

It was a great week for basketball. KU Won the season out and took home both the Big-12 Championship and the Big-12 Tournament Championship Title. It turned out to be a great year with the NCAA Tournament starting this week. :basketball:

DCUS planning is going well and we are so close to having everything opened up and ready to go. The last year and a half has really pushed me to develop more patience than I realized I had previously. At the end of the day, it'll be worth it. Most of the tasks I didn't get done were because my calendar was messed up and I had my weeks messed up.

I had to completely destroy and then rebuild my iCal this week. After meeting start days and times were getting messed up and meetings were showing up a week early. If you know me well enough, you'll know that my life is ruled by calendar. When it's flaked out, my life is chaos.

My adventure :dog: sitting for a friend went well. Lucy the basset hound made her escape Saturday night and headed towards campus. Basset hounds are much faster than their short legs and long bodies suggest. After two+ hours of searching, someone replied on Facebook to one of our many posts. Lucy was picked up by the police, spent a night in jail, and had to be bailed out the next morning. Thankfully, Lawrence is a dog friendly city. Lucy's night on the town ended up costing $35 with a $15 holding fee and another $20 for a rabies shot. Picking her up safely and unharmed the next day was priceless. 
