
# This Week's Accomplishments: January 24, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Rethink Weekly Focus Themes

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Cooking: Chicken Meatballs & Creamy Polenta (:star:)
- [x] Cooking: Cod & Potato Brandade (:thumbsdown:)
- [x] Cooking: Roast Pork (:thumbsdown:)
- [x] DjangoCon US 2016 planning
- [x] Practice Ukulele
- [x] Review more talks submissions for PyCon PC
- [x] Work on Django Scaffolding App (clone of django-baker)
- [x] Work on weekly personal-goals project

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] Box up t-shirts
- [ ] Establish Coffee Shop time
- [ ] Finish 2015 Year in Review post (I write slowly)
- [ ] Work on React JS

## Additional Things I Did

- [ ] Bought an electric razor
- [ ] Learned [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) and encrypted all of my servers (literally until 4:30am one night)
- [ ] Worked on Lawrence Trailhawks website

## Next Week's Focus: Getting Ahead

## Things I'll Do Next Week

- [ ] Work on istheleadsafe.com

## Week In Review

This was a really difficult week. My dog Stella was 15 years old, and on Tuesday she passed away. She was perfectly healthy and acted like a dog half her age and then Monday night she started seizing. She went to the vet on Tuesday to see if there was anything that could be done for her and that was it :/ It was hard and difficult to come to terms with. My list and week felt kind of meaningless after that. I ordered some prints from some of my favorite Stella photos from mpix.com which came in Friday. I framed one and sat it on the floor where she typically sleeps which feels right. I don't see her friendly face when I come home anymore, but I have the photo where she'd normally crash out at.

KU lost a big game on Monday night then won and even bigger game on Saturday night. ESPN was in town and had their college game day program including the Travel Gnome in town for the weekend so downtown was busier than normal which is already insanely busy this time of the year. I watched the game at my usual hangout with friends whom I haven't seen for a while.

I changed focus at work and ended up working more on backend API code which delayed my learning React JS for another week.

Things are going better on the conference front. We are close to making announcements and getting caught up. This was a difficult off-season, but I'm beyond ready and excited for 2016's conference!

The weather was amazing and was in the high 50s / low 60s all weekend. This is much better than the typical 20s we are used to this time of year.

I ended my week by meeting up with some Lawrence Trailhawks after their run for for snacks at one of my favorite local wineries, the Crooked Post Winery. Great way to end the weekend with good friends and good wine.
