# This Week's Accomplishments: April 25, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Follow Your Arrow :purple_heart:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: TILs
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Financial Aid wraps up
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Sponsorship Phase 2
- [x] :stew: Korean Bao Sliders :star:
- [x] :stew: Seared Salmon & "Green" Potato Salad
- [x] :stew: Za’atar Chicken & Pearl Couscous
- [x] Learn [chart.js](http://www.chartjs.org/) - Not fully, but I updated some apps to use it
- [x] Take time to grok: http://hire.jonasgalvez.com.br/2016/Feb/21/Scripting-My-Brain

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :books: Finish another section of the "E-Myth"
- [ ] :car: Tune-up :wrench:
- [ ] :computer: Upgrade laptops
- [ ] :heart: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io/) a week
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Complete at least one item from my "Things I'll Do In The Future" checklist
- [ ] Take time to grok: http://srccon.org/sessions/
- [ ] Take time to grok: https://github.com/shekhargulati/52-technologies-in-2016

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Reworked my personal budget
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Setup a new bank account
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Setup a new CC (first since college)
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Reviewed 50 to 60 talks + tutorials
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Updated website templates
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Worked on conference docs
- [x] :park: Attended Art in the Park
- [x] :stew: Made lunch for the week
- [x] :tea: Started making coldbrew tea at home and work
- [x] :wine_glass: Picked up my from wine club
- [x] Hung lights on the back porch
- [x] Went on a :bike: ride

## Next Week's Focus: Budget and Save

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week was a pretty good week. I worked up a new budget for my monthly expenses and I started looking for ways to save money. I watch my expenses pretty well but this was pretty eye-opening for me.

For years I have actually had no credit because I haven't had a credit card since college. After paying off my first card, I cut it up and refused to ever have another credit card. That worked for a while and paying cash for things was much easier for me. This has worked well until the last few years and it's actually caused me a lot of stress and anxiety. 

This week, I applied for a credit card and I was pre-approved and had a working card within a few minutes. This surprisingly felt like a huge weight is off my shoulders.

Saturday, I strung up some lights on the back deck which has been on my todo list for some time. I have a pretty amazing back yard but the mosquitoes over the last few years have been so bad that it made being out there. I love having a yard and a nice place to hangout with friends.

I also tried out an amazing Korean restaurant called O Cafe. The food was great and the owner told us to call her mom. She taught us how to navigate the menu, how to stir everything together, ands he brought us extra kimchi. The food was fantastic.

Sunday, I went to Art in the Park which is an annual gathering of local artisans in one of our large parks. Lots of tents, vendors, and art. On the other side of the street there were 100s of dogs with owners for a frisbee dog competition which is also another annual tradition. I found a good mother's gift for my mother and I picked up some art for me and one of my nieces. 

This weekend, I tried doing some food prep for the week and I made a week's worth of food. This would take a normal person 2 hours to complete, but I worked at it for four or five hours. Everything except for the rice came out really well, but I also had quinoa as a good fall back. My rice was fine but I wanted to cook out a bit more of the water and then I got distracted watching Game of Thrones and I left the heat just a bit too high. My quinoa came out perfectly cooked.
