# This Week's Accomplishments: April 11, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Re-arranging Boxes

## Things I'll Do This Week ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :arrow_right: Trail Hawk's Board Meeting (postponed)
- [x] :books: Finish "Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?" (Seth Godin)
- [x] :books: Finish another section of the "E-Myth"
- [x] :books: TILs
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :chart_with_downwards_trend: Finish my taxes :money_with_wings:
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Organizer's meeting
- [x] :circus_tent: DEFNA: monthly meeting
- [x] :muscle: Buy Kettlebells
- [x] :stew: BBQ-Spiced Salmon & Roasted Sweet Potato Rounds
- [x] :stew: Meatball Ragout
- [x] :stew: Nepalese Chicken Tarkari
- [x] Fix iMac
- [x] Track daily goals through [Nomie](https://nomie.io/)

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :car: Replace :battery:
- [ ] :car: Tune-up :wrench:
- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: Index 2015 Videos
- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: Open Day (Planning) :arrow_right: (postponed)
- [ ] :heart: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io/) a week
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)

## Additional Things I Did

- [ ] :cactus: Ordered succulents and air plants 
- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: Impromptu Marketing meeting
- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: Worked on new Sponsorship programs

## Next Week's Focus: DCUS All the Things

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week was a blur. I had headache problems and I was stressed over self imposed deadlines. In some ways I think I was embracing the energy that I was feeling and channeling it to get shit done. 

Doing my taxes was a fun realization of that I really need to watch expenses better. It's too easy to Amazon Prime small items which add up. I have already canceled a few unessential services and downgraded some of my web hosting accounts. Now I need to finish up a few more things.

The weekend I enjoyed just vegging out and working on conference things between watching Food Network. Saturday all I wanted to do was eat a :hamburger: so I ate one. It was glorious and crappy at the same time. Aside from a Blue Apron meal, that was the only one I have had in quite some time.

It's time to start exercising which I have totally failed to do and it's April. This year is four months in and I have failed to prioritize this so far. Time to kick it in gear.
