
# This Week's Accomplishments: February 21, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Weekly Themes Are Weird

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Cooking: Center-Cut Pork Chops
- [x] Cooking: Chicken Schnitzel
- [x] Cooking: Seared Cod & Udon Noodles (:star:)
- [x] DCUS: Catering ideas
- [x] DCUS: Financial Aid Meeting
- [x] Pick one thing to complete from my future list (TV Theories website)

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] DCUS: DGUS
- [ ] DCUS: Open Day
- [ ] DCUS: Sponsorship
- [ ] DCUS: Volunteers
- [ ] Setup 1Writer and writing work flow
- [ ] ~~Establish daily Coffee Shop + email time boxing~~
- [ ] ~~Finish 2015 Year in Review post (I write slowly)~~
- [ ] ~~Practice Ukulele~~

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] DCUS: Worked on website and finding a version of Symposion which works for us
- [x] Fixed a broken server
- [x] Setup my pinboard + bookmarks cleanup tool
- [x] Setup my proxy + scraper tool
- [x] Setup my walking dead theories website (sans lxml working :/)
- [x] Shut off two servers I no longer use or need (:moneybag:)
- [x] Updated my letsencrypt config to auto-update a bunch of random websites.
- [x] Watched two more KU Games
- [x] Worked more on Condor (Django + email rules tool) and launched a private version (:email:)
- [x] Worked more on Trolley. I need to set some features, write some docs, and prepare for a proper release
- [x] Worked on a few to be open sourced tools
- [x] Worked on some internal tools for work
- [x] Worked on TIL section

## Next Week's Focus: Open Source More Things

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

My week was going pretty well until I came down with a bug which knocked me out Thursday through Sunday. The weather was beautiful during those days and topped out at 70F (of course).

I didn't get as much done from my list as I wanted, but I took advantage of not feeling well to get a bunch of busywork done. I worked on open source and personal projects while I was sick and it felt really good. 

Email has been a huge burden for me over the last few years, and hacking on Condor has really helped me increase my email productivity. I moved the application to a server this weekend so that it'll process my mail for me. After a few rule changes, I think I have the right mix to cut down on what's in my inbox which gives me time to process everything else at my leisure. Most of my changes so far has focused on organizing messages by groups or contacts. This system works well so far. 

Now I can focus on custom rules for messages and for folders which don't exist in gmail or most email clients today. Move messages in Inbox which are over 30 days old to a processing folder. Delete messages in my Offers folder which are over 30 days old.

An old server of mine crashed so I was forced to update it which made realize I was actually paying for two servers which I rarely use anymore. It won't save me a ton of money but it will save me some money (:moneybag:).

KU won their 12th Big-12 Title in a row which is amazing considering we are in the #1 basketball conference in the nation. The all-time record is 13 and I hope to see us accomplish this goal next year!

I also made time to update a few longer term goals which felt good. Progress! :rocket:
