# This Week's Accomplishments: March 6, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Basketball Basketball Basketball

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Big-12 Tournament: Day 1
- [x] :basketball: Big-12 Tournament: Day 2
- [x] :basketball: Big-12 Tournament: Day 3
- [x] :basketball: Big-12 Tournament: Day 4
- [x] :moneybag: Open a [Bettermint](https://www.betterment.com/) account
- [x] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include home goals
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post
    - [x] [I'm Inpired By](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/im-inspired-by/)
    - [x] [Five for Friyay: March 10th](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/march-10-friyay/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] DCUS Website Updates
- [x] Django COC Rotation
- [x] Renewed my Todoist account
- [x] :notes: Saw John Prine and Amanda Shires (with John Isbell) in concert
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Add vacation and holidays to dashboard

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :basketball: Dust off my March Madness Bracket Builder
- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration
- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri
- [ ] :moneybag: Finish taxes
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Finish Todoist integration with Personal Goals project :arrow_right:
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include personal days off
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include work goals

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

International Women's Day was this week and I wrote up a [blog post](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/im-inspired-by/) to highlight the many women who inspire me. 

What should have been a great :basketball: week ended too soon. March Madness starts this week so I'm hopeful that everything goes better.

I went to see John Prine this weekend who has been on my bucket list for a while. Amanda Shires opened and she played with her husband, Jason Isbell, who was also on my list. 

It's amazing to watch someone like John Prine play both is old and new music knowing that he's performed some of these songs 1000s of times over the last 40 to 50 years. Most people complain about things getting old that they work on. To see someone like John Prine play a song for the 10,000 or 20,000 time and hearing how it's evolved over the years is really an honor. I can't imagine how this relates to software because it doesn't. 
