# This Week's Accomplishments: April 2, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Things Around the :house_with_garden:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Watch the NCAA Championship
- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post: ["Five for Friyay: April Showers"](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/five-for-friyay-april-showers/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :calendar: Finish DEFNA Board expansion blog post
- [x] :car: Pick Nicole up from the airport
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :convenience_store: Mystery shopping in KC
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :calendar: Gave back some life to the [DEFNA twitter account](https://twitter.com/defnado)
- [x] :calendar: Updated Calendar
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Turned off a Digital Ocean server which was gathering dust
- [x] :elephant: Registered a [mastodon account](https://mastodon.social/@webology)
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Lots of randomness
- [x] :house_with_garden: Check out a few rentals
- [x] :house_with_garden: Possibly look at a house that's on the market
- [x] :white_check_mark: Updated Dashboard

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration :arrow_right:
- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri :arrow_right:
- [ ] :house: Buy a new bed
- [ ] :house: Buy a new vacuum cleaner
- [ ] :moneybag: Finish taxes :arrow_right:

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week it was just me and the :dog: for most of the week. Both at home and at work. DCUS kept me hopping here and there. Work was work.

It rained almost the entire week. Thankfully, by Friday, the sun came out and the rest of the weekend was nice. 

We spent most of Saturday shopping in KC. Yay, adulting! Saturday we invited friends over and ate pizza in the backyard with the fire pit. It was much needed.
