# This Week's Accomplishments: February 13, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Makin' Some Noise

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Kansas at Baylor
- [x] :basketball: West Virginia at Kansas
- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post: [Now and Later](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/now-and-later/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Crispy Barramundi
- [x] :stew: Cumin-Crusted Pork
- [x] :stew: Seared Chicken & Pan Sauce
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :wine_glass: Pick up my wine from wine club

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :car: Picked my car up from the shop. TIL telling a mechanic that you are in "no rush" translates into two+ months.
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Canceled Elysium Health account (saves $50 a month). For me, this product is amazing and helps with my depression. The [main active ingredients](http://alivebynature.com/basis-niagen-by-elysium-health/) in Basis are Nicotinamide Riboside and Pterostilbene which I can get 2x as much for 1/2 the price. I'm going to let my subscription run out and try mixing in a local version to see how I feel.
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Canceled my [Put.io](https://put.io) account (saves $10 a month). This is another service I love, but I haven't used it very often over the last few months.
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Canceled my Backupsy account (saves $6 a month)
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Canceled my SlingTV + HBO account after switching to DirecTV Now (Saves $60 a month) I'll be back once my DirecTV Now expires.
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Cut my Blue Apron meals down to two a month (saves $120 to $180 a month)
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Paused [Dollar Shave Club](https://www.dollarshaveclub.com) (saves $6 every two months) I love their products and service, but I have too many razors and my beard is proof of how little I'm shaving lately.
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Paused my Google Fi account (saves $30 a month)
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Finalized budget
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Finalized DSF CFP blog post (program team more than myself)
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Finalized sponsorship prices
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Finalized ticket prices
- [x] :mag: Researched [Bettermint](https://www.betterment.com/) but I'm not there yet.
- [x] :mailbox_closed: I used [unroll.me](https://unroll.me/) to unsubscribe from over 475 mailing lists and publications.
- [x] :radio: Listened to the [Mr. Money Mustache episode](http://tim.blog/2017/02/13/mr-money-mustache/) of the Tim Ferriss Show. I'm not a huge fan of Tim's, but I subscribe for episodes like this.
- [x] :sos: Django COC: Lots of internal work

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :white_check_mark: Updated Dashboard to include home goals
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Updated Dashboard to include top personal goals
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Updated Dashboard to include work goals

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

The week was unseasonably warm in the 70s where our average is typically in the 30s or 40s. 

I went in this week with a much smaller list of goals than previous weeks and I somehow accomplished about 10x more than my normal weeks. 

Work was a bear and juggling two clients and multiple peers was starting to wear on me. I decided to take a different approach next week.

I also had a pretty busy week of Django / community related work to work on. DjangoCon US kicked off the CFP and we finalized a lot of things this week.

The monitor that I have been running my dashboard app off of died which gave me no motivation to complete my three or four dashboard goals for the week. The project is paused by not over.

I did a bunch of cleaning this weekend. I cleaned both my house and I shut off several subscription services. I think the [Mr. Money Mustache episode](http://tim.blog/2017/02/13/mr-money-mustache/) of the Tim Ferriss Show must have motivated me.

It's amazing how quickly these expenses add up. I added a new tab to my monthly expenses and I dissected January into seven or eight categories. I divided everything into month expenses that I can't change (rent, utilities, ...), services I want to keep (Netflix, Spotify, ...), services which make life better (Blue Apron, Elysium, ...), one-offs (I ate at 715 with a friend, eating out on a Friday night, ...), and several more. 

I added a sub-total in each category and I multiplied it by 12 to show me my annual cost. This made deciding what to keep and what to get rid of a much easier decision. 

I try to go through this process once a month, but it's been a while since I went into this much detail. 

Last month I canceled my monthly Amazon subscriptions and I decided to not buy anything on Amazon unless I really needed it. This weekend, I wanted to get some more vitamins (which work for me) and I noticed that I had gone 36 days without buying something on Amazon. I doubt I have gone more than three to six days without getting a package from Amazon in too many years. 

I also unsubscripted from over 475 mailing lists and publications because my inbox is overwhelming to me. I added a few more rules to my email rules app Concord (still not ready for prime time). 

All it all, it was a good week.
