# This Week's Accomplishments: April 17, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Heading Home for Easter :hatching_chick:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :black_nib: Wrote [](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/response-hierarchy/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :car: Filled out all the paperwork :arrow_right: (again)
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen: DCUS swag meeting
- [x] :lock: [Read up](https://techsolidarity.org/resources/security_key_gmail.htm) [on Yubikey](https://ruimarinho.gitbooks.io/yubikey-handbook/)
- [x] :lock: Order a Yubikey
- [x] :moneybag: Finish taxes :arrow_right: (really)
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :white_check_mark: Dashboard order parts to build home version
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri :arrow_right: (mostly done now)

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week I bought a Yubikey and I spent my Friday night updating services to use it. The experience was pretty eye-opening since I caught a few services like Unroll Me, which immediately complained about not having access. Skip forward to Sunday and now the world knows they sell client info to Uber. Great timing.

At work, we gained a new Revsys'er who's helping us with all-the-things. 
I spent an hour or more a day just going through tasks and lining up things which need to be done that I fail to ever get to. 

This weekend was another weekend of just the dog and I. I started getting ready to move more mentally than I did physically. So much to do and so little time. I think I just needed a break and at least I got started.

I built up another dashboard with my Raspberry Pi 2, but quickly realized how much easier the RP3 is. I think I'm going to order another and build an emulator friendly version too. 
