# This Week's Accomplishments: April 9, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Heading Home for Easter :hatching_chick:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :calendar: 2nd Tuesday - :running: Trail Hawk Board Meeting
- [x] :calendar: Finish DCUS 2018 Venue CFP blog post
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS CFP and Financial Aid ends
- [x] :evergreen_tree: Finish out video :video_camera:
- [x] :hatching_chick: Easter weekend in SWMO
- [x] :house_with_garden: Check out 
- [x] :mailbox: Review [email subscriptions](https://unroll.me/)
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [ ] :moneybag: Finish taxes :arrow_right:
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Dashboard order parts to build home version

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I returned home to visit family for the :hatching_chick: holiday weekend. It had been too long, but it was one of my better visits in recent memory. The grass was green and flowing. The cows were like big dogs and there were lots of baby calves everywhere. I even spotted one which was just born which was having trouble. We made several visits over the weekend to see it and even had to reunite it with its mother after it crossed to the other side of the fence and became stuck.

We interviewed an office assistant at work and hired someone the next day. I think we have needed this for many, many years. I'm excited to have some help.

DjangoCon US's CFP and Financial Aid programs wrapped up to new record levels for both. I wish we had more tracks and more money to help people. This is a problem every year :/

I missed my weekly blog post which brings my misses up to three so far. Sadly, I wrote three or four posts and I ran out of both time and remote Internet access to publish one. However, I regret nothing.
