# This Week's Accomplishments: February 27, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Titles Are Hard

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Kansas at Oklahoma State
- [x] :basketball: Oklahoma at Kansas
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Lamb, Beef & Mushroom Stew
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include overreaching goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration
- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri
- [ ] :stew: Seared Chicken & Pearl Couscous
- [ ] :stew: Tempura Fried Cod
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Finish Todoist integration with Personal Goals project :arrow_right:
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include home goals
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include work goals

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This was my last week of using Blue Apron for a while. While I love their service, I haven't liked their meals as much recently to justify the $60 a week cost. I can easily buy a weeks worth of groceries and cover both lunch and dinner for a week+.

If you never used Blue Apron, or a competing service, I would highly recommend doing it. I learned so much about cooking and their recipe cards are so nice and easy to re-use. 

The rest of my week was a blur. I watched KU top off another season and win their 13th in a row Big 12 conference title. This ties UCLA's record which spanned three coaches. KU did this all with one coach which is quite impressive. Bill Self has more Big 12 titles (13) than home losses (10). As of today, he's 202-10 at Allen Fieldhouse. 

I was just busy enough to add tasks into Todoist, but I have yet to pull them all out.

I missed posting my blog post for the second time this year which is mildly disappointing. I have 14+ drafts and I ran out of time to polish any of them. I'm going to try something new this next week to try and carve out enough time. Fingers crossed.
