# This Week's Accomplishments: May 29, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Moving Week :package:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Write [PyCon US 2017](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/pycon-us-2017/) post
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :package: Finalize packing
- [x] :package: Finish moving details
- [x] :package: Move to new house
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :car: Change tags over to Kansas :ticket:
- [x] :house: Cleaned old house
- [x] :house: Moved into new house
- [x] :mailbox_with_mail: Switched bills over new house

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :calendar: Publish new DEFNA Board members post

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week was moving hell. I took three days off of work to move and settle in. Everything that could have gone wrong did, but thankfully I was prepared and everything worked out even if it took 3x longer than it should have. My old place is clean and everything is in the new place. 

I finally found my car title, after getting a new title issued (ain't that the way it is), and jump through months and months of hoops. Turns out it was buried in my basement during the move. Thanks to our executive assistant at work, she helped me jump through a few hoops while I was moving and I now have a fully titled and legal to drive Kansas vehicle. This feels like an eight to ten year battle has finally been won. 

The rest of my week was literally filled with packing. cleaning, and moving. 
