# This Week's Accomplishments: March 20, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Sweet 16 and Elite 8 Week

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Watch the Elite 8
- [x] :basketball: Watch the Sweet 16
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post: [DjangoCon US Talks I’d Like to See: 2017 Edition](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/django-talks-id-like-to-see/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :busts_in_silhouette: Helped a friend find a job
- [x] :camera: Spent my Wednesday on a photo shoot
- [x] :dog: Watched / walked
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Website Cleanup
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Website Sponsor Cleanup
- [x] :house: Re-cluttered closet
- [x] :money_with_wings: Renewed my Overcast account
- [x] :radio: Listened to [217 - Tony Robbins: How to Be Fulfilled: Just Start Asking Yourself These 2 Questions](https://overcast.fm/+BcN3CYLTk)
- [x] :radio: Listened to [220 - Matt Mullenweg: Do You Have Your Own Internal “Code”](https://overcast.fm/+BcN0qCbcM) :star: 
- [x] :sos: Django COC Duties
- [x] :white_check_mark: Updated Dashboard layout better organize work needs. I plan to build a better setup for home too.

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration :arrow_right:
- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri :arrow_right:
- [ ] :moneybag: Finish taxes :arrow_right:

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I love March Madness but it always sucks to see your team not quite make it. KU made it to the Elite 8 only to fall flat in the last game. KU was on track to set a scoring record for most points scored per game on average before they recorded their season low in the final game. :basketball: season is over a week too soon.

Since my time watching games and drinking beer tends to increase during the tournament, postseason is always a good time to reflect on how much I drink and how frequently. [Timothy Allen's](https://twitter.com/FlipperPA) excellent [It is Darkest Before Dawn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyVHKTGjivo) talk from [DjangoCon US 2016](https://2016.djangocon.us/) is worth reflecting on.

My work week kind of sucked, so I'll leave it at that. My community commitments needed more time and a few things ate up some of my work hours. It was definitely a week where I felt stretched a bit too thin.

Some random stats which are kind of fun:

- Extended my meh.com streak to 180 days in a row.
- Extended my no Amazon orders streak to 34 days.
- I listen to a few dozen podcast episodes each week but the two I highlighted above especially stuck out to me as being worth a listen. 
