# This Week's Accomplishments: March 13, 2017

## This Week's Focus: March Madness

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Dust off my March Madness Bracket Builder
- [x] :basketball: March Madness: Day 1
- [x] :basketball: March Madness: Day 2
- [x] :basketball: March Madness: Day 3
- [x] :basketball: March Madness: Day 4
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :moneybag: Finish [Bettermint](https://www.betterment.com/) account
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include home goals
- [x] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include personal days off
- [x] :white_check_mark: Update Dashboard to include work goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS Website Updates
- [x] :four_leaf_clover: Celebrated St. Patrick's Day with friends
- [x] :money_with_wings: Renewed my Todoist account
- [x] :sos: Django COC Committee work
- [x] :space_invader: Worked on my Sandbox game simulation

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: Write a blog post :arrow_right:
- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration :arrow_right:
- [ ] :car: Send off lost title paperwork to Missouri :arrow_right:
- [ ] :moneybag: Finish taxes :arrow_right:
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Finish Todoist integration with Personal Goals project :arrow_right:

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week mostly centered around watching March Madness and not much else. I still had a bunch of meetings and accomplished quite a few personal goals. However, it was mostly a self-care week. I needed four days of just mindless basketball and that's how I spent it. I still struggle with checking in with clients in the morning and doing too much even when I'm off when what I really just needed was time off. 

I celebrated St. Patrick's Day with friends which were fun. Lawrence shuts down and has a huge parade and the day is full of people wearing green and celebration throughout the city.

Aside from being in a work funk, I worked on one of my game projects which I have started and stopped over the last four or five years. It's a world simulation in the spirit of the Ultimas but also a sandbox game. I started with some Dragon Warrior tilesets from the 8-bit game and I have replaced them with some creative commons images. The goal is an 8-bit game engine with tile based graphics where everything is craftable/creatable. 

One of my favorite games of all time is Ultima 6 which started with a similar approach. While not everything is craftable in the game, the world feels alive with villagers who have jobs, go to work, visit the tavern, and then go home to sleep before repeating the cycles. After playing games like AOE2, where peasants can have jobs such as gathering food, and they construct buildings, I have been fascinated with building a game which focuses on that element to build a working world. 

What I have today is pretty basic. I can generate maps and walk around the world. I added a bunch of NPCs (non-player characters) who are controlled by state machines who wander aimlessly. I added houses which don't really have a point yet, but I hope to be able to drop in a few dozen NCPs into an area of building a city and to watch them chop down trees, mine for stone, build structures, then houses, and then set up some village resource goals and see how it works out. 

Once the world is in place, I want to add quests from the villages and then build a game on top of the engine. It's simply yet too complex but I have made pretty good progress with it despite it not being a game yet.

Even if I only work on it a few weeks a year, I enjoy it.
