# This Week's Accomplishments: May 8, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Meet the Parents

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Wrote [Five for Friyay: Emoji Edition](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/five-for-friyay-emoji-edition/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: Publish DCUS 2018 Venue CFP blog post :arrow_right:
- [x] :car: Drive from Chicago
- [x] :car: Drive to Chicago
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :hotel: Book a place for Mom and Dad
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :calendar: Picked DEFNA Board members
- [x] :car: Moved my car to a new temporary home
- [x] :package: Sent off my 4th and 5th set of title paperwork

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [x] :package: Book moving arrangements

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week we traveled up to Chicago for a family event. My parents came up which was surprisingly the first time our parents have met in five+ years. The rest of the weekend was tiring but good. Then we made the long drive back.

I spent quite a bit of time this week trying to get stuff off of my plate. Lots of DEFNA and DCUS stuff, but yet it still piles and piles. This next week is PyCon US and I need to reboot my personal goals and spend more time writing. That has been a struggle lately. 
