# This Week's Accomplishments: June 5, 2017

## This Week's Focus: (Oops, it was blank)

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :briefcase: Start new client project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :car: Drive back to Lawrence, KS
- [x] :car: Drive to Naperville, IL
- [x] :car: Finish Kansas registration :arrow_right: (missed two weeks ago)
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: Catch up on DCUS
- [x] :evergreen_tree: Refactor budget spreadsheet
- [x] :house: Buy a new vacuum cleaner (missed two weeks ago)
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [ ] :car: Dropped my car off to get the electronic locks and windows fixed
- 
## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :calendar: Publish new DEFNA Board members post
- [ ] :black_nib: Write a blog post

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This weekend we traveled to Chicago for my mother-in-law's celebration of life party and to see family. With a small family scattered through the US, it's harder to get everyone together so that family decided to host everyone a month after Suzie passed away. The party was nice and there were a ton of extended friends and family who showed up. She left quite a positive impact on so many people.

The rest of my week was filled with unpacking and settling into our new bigger place. I'm extremely happy to have my car back too. The new place is just far enough away that driving is more convenient until I get a new bike or one that will work with more than five gears. That'll be on my todo list for next month maybe.

One of the worst aspects of moving and traveling is being out with rhythm when it comes to eating. I was on a good rhythm pre-PyCon and pre-moving and I was preparing my lunches every Sunday and saving quite a bit of money. However, I have eaten out several weeks in a row both lunch and sometimes dinner. I'm so tired of McDonald's and the half a dozen varieties of pizza that I have consumed over the last month. I'm ready to have a food detox and pick my mileage up before it gets insanely hot. 

Speaking of moving, the only casualty of my move was my left knee and my right thumb. I have no idea what or when I hurt them but neither has been quite right ever since. It's amazing what carrying 80 boxes up and down stairs many times will do to joints that normally don't lift that much or that frequent. 

Moving is also expensive but I did receive some good news about getting my full deposit back on my old place which makes me extremely happy. I spent more time than I wanted at my old place cleaning it than I wanted to. I hired a friend who cleans professionally to go back over everything. It was money well spent and the place shined after he was done. It was much, much cleaner than when we moved in five years ago.

On the work front, I'm also juggling clients which works better some days more than others. I worked remote Thursdays (tethered via the car) and in an office Friday. I usually struggle to work remote, but this time it wasn't so bad. I also got to try out the same standing desk that I have had on my stuff to buy for my office list at work. Aside from my banged up knee, I'm looking forward to ordering one now.
