# This Week's Accomplishments: **MONTH DAY**, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Unthemed

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Wrote [Five for Friyay: CSS and HTML Resources](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/five-for-friyay-css-html-resources/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: Finish out video :video_camera:
- [x] :evergreen_tree: Worked with Program Team on goals
- [x] :heart: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io/)
- [x] :house_with_garden: Signed lease on new place
- [x] :mailbox: Review email subscriptions
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :walk: to work (was previously :bike: to work)
- [x] :white_check_mark: Dashboard order parts to build home version
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :car: Drove to Naperville, IL
- [x] :sparkle: Worked on packing list project

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [x] :calendar: Finish DCUS 2018 Venue CFP blog post :arrow_right: (Done but needs feedback)

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week sucked. It started off well but by mid-week, we received news that my mother-in-law wasn't doing well. She's battled cancer for some time and was terminal but we were hoping she still had many months ahead of her. After several phone calls, we decided that Nicole needed to head to Chicago, and I'd go up later if things grew worse. After another phone call, we decided she needed to go up immediately. We looked at flights and then decided she'd drive half way that night and then the other half in the morning. Then we got the call that her mother had passed away so we headed up and I drove her overnight through a rainstorm so she could be there with her family.

I knew last week was going to be a bad week, but I had no idea. We had plans to visit in two more weeks for a family event so we were hopeful that everything would work out. Hug your loved ones because you never know how much time you have left. I'm thankful that they were all together the weekend before she passed and they had a good weekend. 

Nothing else really mattered looking back on the week. The days after were good with her small family talking about memories and just spending time together. RIP Susan Green.
