# This Week's Accomplishments: July 10, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Moar Keto and Moar Running

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Catch up on blog posts :arrow_right:
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: More DCUS catchup
- [x] :fireworks: Celebrate Independence Day
- [x] :guitar: Practice Ukulele
- [x] :muscle: Giving Keto a whirl
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :calendar: Publish new DEFNA Board members post :arrow_right:
- [ ] :guitar: Enroll in the next Beginning Ukulele class :arrow_right:
- [ ] :guitar: Enroll in the next Intermediate Ukulele class :arrow_right:

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

My Independence Day was mostly spent around the home. We grilled out and ended up watching Moana instead of going out. Adulting is hard. 

The rest of my week was focused on work and a lot of research around Keto and home stuff. I made Chicken Keto Enchiladas for my week day lunches and they were wonderful.

I seem to be dropping pounds pretty steadily still and I managed to add a pretty intense hill run into my week. It's hot and humid in Kansas so it felt pretty amazing to make it up two steep hills. 

I need to do a better job of collecting this info during the week since I'm running late two weeks in a row mostly because I'm delaying finishing my weekly summary.
