# This Week's Accomplishments: July 17, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Always Behind / Getting Caught Up

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: Publish new DEFNA Board members post :arrow_right:
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: More DCUS catchup :arrow_right:
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: Catch up on blog posts :arrow_right:
- [ ] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [ ] :guitar: Enroll in the next Beginning Ukulele class :arrow_right:
- [ ] :guitar: Enroll in the next Intermediate Ukulele class :arrow_right:

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week started with family visited followed by more family visiting. 

I took a deep dive into [LÖVE](https://love2d.org/) and basically blew off other social commitments other than running. I was won over when I was able to play a simple move the box game with some simple jump physics on my iPad Pro screen. Now I'm debating joining [Ludum Dare 39](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/39) as an excuse to have to build a video game this weekend.

My running has continued to grow stronger. Running in 100F+ weather either kills you or makes you stronger. So far I have survived and I'm mentally more confident. I even finished a 5k "slow" run and I averaged a 10-minute mile with a few short brisk walk breaks. Keto is also really helping me. I'm down almost 20 lbs in three weeks. I'm going to celebrate my one-month goal by eating an entire pizza. True story.

I'm still behind on blogging but the more I say I'm going to fix that the more things pop up. I'm dedicated to the one a week challenge which I'm failing at. This means I need to publish more than once a week. I keep getting bothered by workflow issues which are more mental than actual problems. 

I started a new goal of writing down ten ideas a day. It's a fun and mentally challenging idea. The first two or three days were easy and then the rest beat me down.
