# This Week's Accomplishments: May 15, 2017

## This Week's Focus: PyCon US 2018

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :airplane: Fly to Portland
- [x] :baggage_claim: Pack for PyCon US 2018 in Portland
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: Publish DCUS 2018 Venue CFP blog post :arrow_right:
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :package: Book moving arrangements
- [x] :package: More packing
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :car: Received my title. Finally after a year+ of trying.

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [ ] :calendar: Publish new DEFNA Board members post
- [ ] :car: Finish Kansas registration :arrow_right:
- [ ] :house: Buy a new vacuum cleaner

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I spent this week at PyCon US in Portland. I enjoyed getting to catch up with old and new friends and there was a very different vibe to everything this year. I felt less pressure to have to be anywhere or do anything and I got to just enjoy being in the hallway track and meeting both old and new friends. Overall, I really needed it and it was great to catch up with so many people. It also made me realize how big and wonderful both the Django and the Python communities are. 

The rest of my week was going to talks and working on random DjangoCon stuff.
