# This Week's Accomplishments: January 9, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Recovery :mask:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Guacamole Burgers
- [x] :stew: Potato & Artichoke Quiches
- [x] :stew: Seared Chicken & Couscous
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :basketball: Kansas at Oklahoma
- [x] :basketball: Okla. St. at Kansas
- [x] :black_nib: Updated COC Docs
- [x] :black_nib: Updated COC Membership
- [x] :black_nib: Worked on a COC Issue
- [x] :chart_with_downwards_trend: Canceled my monthly Amazon Subscribe & Save items
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Bought a Raspberry Pi 3
- [x] :stew: Made Goulash
- [x] :tv: Setup a new free AppleTV from DirecTV Now
- [x] :tv: Watched "An Unfortunate Series of Events"
- [x] :tv: Watched InvictaFC21 which was in KC :collision: 
- [x] :tv: Watched some of the second round of the NFL playoffs while doing house work :football: 
- [x] :wrench: Worked DjangoCon backups

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: :email: workflow draft blog post
- [ ] :black_nib: Add recent links to blog
- [ ] :black_nib: Finish Personal Goals Post :arrow_right:
- [ ] :busts_in_silhouette: Finish DSF recommendations :arrow_right:
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Write out Todoist integration with Personal Goals project

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

It took me most of the week to recover from being sick last week. By the end of the week, I was feeling close to normal, but we had an over exaggerated possibility of an ice storm which never came. I somehow spent most of my weekend inside without accomplishing much of my goals. I'm fine with one "do nothing" day a week, but somehow it's Sunday night and I'm wishing I could cleaned out some boxes or got more done. I know the point of the weekend is to recover from working, but I'm in a weird phase apparently.

I tried making Goulash tonight and everything went well until I misread the box of noodles. I thought I read two cups but instead it was 2 lbs. Everything came out alright because I lucked out and had some vegetable stock to help add moisture back into the dish. Otherwise, I would have just ruined a weeks+ worth of food. 

I signed up for DirecTV Now this past week to compare the service with SlingTV. They had a nice intro deal for early subscribers which knocks their $70 plan down to $35. They also had a prepay for three months and get a free 32G AppleTV which I took advantage of. The AppleTV is great even though there isn't nearly enough apps yet. The DirecTV Now service is buggy and alright. I was disappointed in their sports package promotions yet I couldn't watch a single NFL game on their service all weekend. Thankfully Twitch more than made up for that.

I also watched "An Unfortunate Series of Events" which is why I didn't get more done. It was a great series and I look forward to future seasons.
