# This Week's Accomplishments: June 19, 2017

## This Week's Focus: Not Going Anywhere

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Wrote a blog post: [Pathlib Is Wonderful!](https://jefftriplett.com/2017/pathlib-is-wonderful/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :books: Write a new TIL
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 2nd Tuesday - :running: Trail Hawk Board Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :evergreen_tree: DCUS help the program team get the schedule updated
- [x] :evergreen_tree: More DCUS catchup
- [x] :evergreen_tree: More budget spreadsheet refactoring
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :car: Had the power doors and locks fixed
- [x] :guitar: Ordered a Tenor Ukulele which fits my large hands better
- [x] :star: Made a DSF member recommendation

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

Moving sucks, but after my first weekend of being home and getting to clean and finish some of the small projects which allowed more boxes to get moved from everywhere in the house to the basement, I feel like we are finally starting to get somewhere. 

Saturday, I bought and assembled shelves for the basement and re-factored the basement. Now that it's clean, it's a perfectly workable space.

Sunday, I cleaned the windows which were bad and then I read up up the Keto diet and tried to get a game plan. I used my Anova Sous Vide Cooker to make chicken for my lunch this week and then I finished it off on the grill. Then we had grilled short ribs, corn, and green beans for dinner. Not bad for a mostly work on the house weekend.

I made many, many trips to various home department stores over the week. I bet a set a personal record this week.
