# This Week's Accomplishments: December 12, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Baby It's Cold Outside :snowflake:

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :basketball: Kansas vs. Davidson
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :guitar: cycle humidifier
- [x] :calendar: 2nd Tuesday - :running: Trail Hawk Board Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :email: Catch up on email
- [x] :globe_with_meridians: DCUS Website info
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :movie_camera: Watched Rogue One :thumbsup: 
- [x] :running: Jingle Bell, Lights and Ugly Sweater Fun Run
- [x] :santa: Joined friends for SantaCon LFK


## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: :email: workflow draft blog post
- [ ] :black_nib: Add recent links to blog
- [ ] :black_nib: Finish recommendations
- [ ] :christmas_tree: Shopping
- [ ] :computer: Finish DCUS Jekyll demo
- [ ] :computer: Look into [fragmentioner](https://github.com/kartikprabhu/fragmentioner)
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Write out Todoist integration with Personal Goals project

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This was a buy fun week. It seems like this time of year always is. 

I skipped my weekly Monday night run to have dinner with a sick friend and to catch up. On Thursday, I joined the Jingle Bell, Lights and Ugly Sweater Fun Run as my "run substitute". 

On Friday, I joined friends in KC to watch Rogue One. It was great but not my favorite Star Wars movie. It's one of the first movies that I'm looking forward to re-watching though. 

SantaCon was the highlight of the weekend and the weather was icy, snowy, windy, and quite frightful for everyone who braved it. It was fun and a good time to catch up with so many friends. It's one of my favorite events of the year.

