# This Week's Accomplishments: April 18, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Day and Night (Job)

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :arrow_right: Trail Hawk's Board Meeting
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :car: Replace :battery:
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Formalize my system. I semi-follow a ["Money Flow"](http://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/advisorvoices/a-smart-system-to-track-your-money-flow/) system. I built a [budget plan similar to](http://one-twenty-five.tumblr.com/post/138685497504/my-budget-template)
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: :arrow_right: Open Day (Planning)
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: CFP Ending
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Index 2015 Videos
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Prepare for Financial Assistance Last Call
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Start Reviews
- [x] :stew: Crispy Catfish Sandwiches
- [x] :stew: Roasted Chicken & Mixed Mushrooms
- [x] :stew: Spiced Pork Chops & Mashed Potatoes

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :books: Finish another section of the "E-Myth"
- [ ] :books: TILs
- [ ] :car: Tune-up :wrench:
- [ ] :heart: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io/) a week
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)

## Additional Things I Did

- [ ] Planted succulents
- [ ] Took out recycling
- [ ] Worked on the yard
- [ ] :chart_with_upwards_trend: 

## Next Week's Focus: Follow Your Arrow :purple_heart:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

Another week where I just didn't feel well. I finally felt like a normal human being both Saturday and Sunday, but the rest of the week I felt emotionally drained and ran down.

I was able to do some fun things from my list this weekend including finishing up a planting project and finally getting the battery replaced in my car. For the first time in what feels like forever, I could sit outside on my lawn and talk to the neighbors in nice weather before summer and the mosquitoes attack.

I need to work harder on getting things from my list done but lately I'm just happy to anything from it done.

Emotional energy aside, it was a good week for DCUS deadlines. Our CFP ended and reviews are in full cycle. We had a few good planning meetings and there are lots of exciting things to discuss and announce. 

Prince passed away this week which hit me a little harder than a celebrity death should. I think the news paired with my energy level sucking just took the wind out of me. My sister is a huge Prince fan and from an artistic perspective, I respect how he worked and what he accomplished. In technology, there's a feeling that some developers are Rock Stars which is BS. The reality is there will probably never be a Prince in technology. 

Prince wrote every lyric, composed every note, played every instrument, and sang almost every note on his albums. That's unheard of in technology. He also wrote a song a day every day for most of his life. I can't imagine writing a website or application to this level of detail a day. Yet composing a song is in this level of complexity. He left behind 1000s if not 10s of 1000s of songs and material of which, we will probably never hear.

It's tough to find true artists in this field let alone someone with the impact of someone like Prince. Facebook and Twitter aren't great because one person built them.

Prince never played the same game that everyone else played. I have thought about this a lot leading up to his death but as the concept relates to communities, conferences, and open source work. I think looking at Prince's work ethic and his ability to have time to put as much time into accomplishing his goals is something which I'm kind of jealous of. Then again, I enjoy having a life outside of work, but he seemed to even have this down as well.

Luckily, I learned years ago that there's no reason to just go through the motions (aka play the game) like everyone else does. That has at least helped me through the years.
