# This Week's Accomplishments: September 5, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Built to Last

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :bike: to work
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :guitar: Practice Ukulele
- [x] :guitar: Ukulele class week 4 (last week)
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :tea: Brew my own iced tea
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :bike: Mounted front and back lights (clip-ons ftw)
- [x] :bike: Purchased bike rack, pannier, front, and back lights
- [x] :running: helped at the Trail Hawk's The Hawk weekend race
- [x] :white_check_mark: Worked on Personal Goals to Todoist script :construction:
- [x] :wrench: Fixed my SublimeText packages that were corrupt

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Budget estimate :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Chair Roles and Duties :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Venue Comparison Spreadsheet :construction:
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Post conference wrap up
- [ ] :books: Write a new TIL
- [ ] :coffee: Brew cold-press coffee
- [ ] :muscle: Kettlebell workout
- [ ] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [ ] :running: Write out a running plan

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

It was a short week after the holiday, but felt like a four day marathon. It was a busy week. 

Friday, I went to the second night of the annual Banff Film Festival. The topic of the night seemed to be failure which make for some really uninspiring movies. A few were about accomplishing some great feat which didn't happen or the person dropped out at the last minute.

I missed my Monday run day due to the holiday and then spent my weekend helping at our local running club's annual marathon, 50-miler, and 100-miler race. I helped at one of the aid stations and helped direct traffic while getting runners through the midway point of each loop of the race. It's fun to help runners who are on the edge of achieving a major life milestone and they just need a bit of help. Some runners were on the verge of quiting, but just need a slight push to keep moving. I had to skip last year because of DCUS, so I was happy to be able to attend and to help out.
