# This Week's Accomplishments: June 6, 2016

## This Week's Focus: TBD

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :baseball: DCUS Announce Program Schedule
- [x] :baseball: DCUS Organizer's Meeting
- [x] :baseball: DCUS Program Schedule Finished
- [x] :baseball: DCUS Swag Meeting
- [x] :baseball: DCUS Tickets
- [x] :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :bike: to work
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :stew: Chicken Piccata
- [x] :stew: Lemon-Butter Salmon
- [x] :stew: Sunday meal prep for weekday lunches
- [x] :stew: ~Spiced Lamb & Beef Tagine~
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :books: Write a new TIL
- [ ] :muscle: Start a basic Kettlebell workout (2 to 3 times a week)
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :baseball: DCUS Space Meeting
- [x] :guitar: Ukulele class week 1
- [x] :white_check_mark: Complete at least one item from my "Things I'll Do In The Future" checklist

## Next Week's Focus: Practice, Practice, Practice

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I spent the week trying to get caught up after the week in Portland. 

The highlights were starting my first Ukulele lesson which jumpstarted me from not knowing what the hell I was doing to actually playing three chords. I took music classes from 4th grade through college so it was a nice return.

Being in OSS, I'm spoiled by the Python + Django community's openness. I was pretty surprised when I was looking online through videos and books for Ukulele practice material though too. I think OSS can actually learn from these techniques.

I intended to get caught up over the weekend but that didn't happen. I had an afternoon birthday party for a friend and then a beer tasting with some friends who have been traveling the US for the last seven months at another friend's new bar which is opening soon. 

I did get halfway there Sunday, but I really just need Sunday's to be my zombie and recover from the week day.
