# This Week's Accomplishments: May 2, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Budget and Save

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :computer: Upgrade laptops
- [x] :stew: Crispy Cod & Yuzu-Shoyu Soba :star:
- [x] :stew: Grains of Paradise-Crusted Steaks :star:
- [x] :stew: Seared Chicken :star2:
- [x] :white_check_mark: Find a few more expenses to cut

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :bike: Get gears looked at / fixed
- [ ] :bike: Ride to work at least once
- [ ] :books: Finish another section of the "E-Myth"
- [ ] :books: TILs
- [ ] :car: Tune-up :wrench:
- [ ] :heart: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io/) a week
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)
- [ ] :white_check_mark: Complete at least one item from my "Things I'll Do In The Future" checklist
- [ ] Take time to grok: http://srccon.org/sessions/
- [ ] Take time to grok: https://github.com/shekhargulati/52-technologies-in-2016

## Additional Things I Did

## Next Week's Focus: Daily Goals, Daily

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I did a poor job communicating my goals this week. Most of my goals were just things I need to get done whenever and I somehow left off most of my most important goals.

On Sunday, I cooked up lunch for the week using a simple [Chicken Veggie Bowls recipe](http://picky-palate.com/2013/09/11/grilled-chicken-veggie-bowls-meal-prep/). This worked out really well and I looked forward to lunch every day despite them being the same all week. My fall back lunch is typically a can of lentil soup which I have eaten for months at a time for the last year.

My week was way too busy and I spent a lot of time reviewing talks and applications for DjangoCon. None of these made my list of todos.

I did re-work my budget and decided that I need to change my outlook on monthly expenses. It's too easy for me to overlook paying $100 for cable because the number doesn't mean as much to me as it should. In my re-worked budget spreadsheet, I added a column which multiplies the expense by 12 months which gives me more motivation to cut the expense. It's easier to ignore $20 or $40 a months but when it's $120 to $240 it seems worth it. 

I also did a much better job about not eating out this week. I ran out of Blue Apron meals by Wednesday but I managed to make food at home two nights during the week which I would have normally been tempted to eat out and grab sometime on the way home. :muscle: 

On Saturday, I handled the timing and website duties for the Trail Hawks for their [Skyline Shuffle](https://trailhawks.com/races/2016/may/07/skyline-shuffle-2/) race. 

Post race, we loaded up and drove down to SWMO to visit my family for Mother's Day. My mother recently retired and she seems like a new person. New energy and she was much calmer than when she was working a job she was frustrated with. 

I ended up helping my dad doctor and work on a few horses which I hadn't done in some time. I used to have my own horse named Doc who was mine for 20+ years. Once I was in college and moved away, when I'd come for visits, I could go to the field and he'd run up to me out of no where. He'd put his head down, close his eyes, and just rest it against my chest. Doc loved to be pet, but I was the only person he'd ever do that with. I realized this weekend that I haven't actually ridden a horse since he died. At worst, I'd ride him twice a year for our spring and fall roundups.

I do miss the farm and the peace of it. However, I don't miss having crappy Internet and how politically different my family is. 
