# This Week's Accomplishments: October 17, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Get Registered

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :airplane: to Myrtle Beach
- [x] :baggage_claim: Pack for Myrtle Beach
- [x] :ballot_box_with_check: Change voting registration to Kansas
- [x] :ballot_box_with_check: Vote!
- [x] :black_nib: Add metadata to blog
- [x] :black_nib: Add topics to blog
- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :guitar: cycle humidifier
- [x] :camera: Take more photos 
- [x] :car: Change license over to Kansas
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :iphone: Change phone providers to save money
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :running: Write out a running plan :construction:
- [x] :stew: Roasted Pork Steam Buns
- [x] :stew: Seared Salmon & Fall Vegetables
- [x] :stew: Spicy Chicken & Carrots
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Chair Roles and Duties :construction:
- [ ] :black_nib: Add recent links to blog
- [ ] :black_nib: Finish blog post
- [ ] :email: Update Concord

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week I switched my voter registration and driver's license to Kansas and I early voted. It's nice to have this out of the way since I'm going to be gone for most of the next three weeks.

I spent most of my week trying to help my day job client push out some new releases. The rest of my week was spent adulting and running errands. On Friday, I flew to Myrtle Beach, SC for a one week family vacation. When I get back, I have enough time to pack and get ready for flying to London and then Amsterdam for two weeks.

I'm pausing most of my goals for the next few weeks since they mostly apply to being home since everything else is going to be irregular. I'm excited to travel, but I'm also looking forward to some down time.
