# This Week's Accomplishments: March 21, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Moar :basketball:

## Things I Did From the List ([Legend](emoji-legend.md.md))

- [x] :basketball: Watch the Elite 8 of the NCAA Tournament
- [x] :basketball: Watch the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament
- [x] :briefcase: Condor :email:
- [x] :briefcase: TILs :books:
- [x] :briefcase: Weekly personal-goals project :books:
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: :arrow_right: Plan next meeting
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Launch sponsorship section
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Launch tickets
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: More updates
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Read up on the "E-Myth"
- [x] :stew: Chicken Cacciatore
- [x] :stew: Cod Kedgeree 
- [x] :stew: Cuban Sandwiches

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: :arrow_right: Open Day (Planning)
- [ ] :circus_tent: DCUS: Launch review process
- [ ] :mortar_board: Try out [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :book: Finished "Leap First" (Seth Godin)
- [x] :book: Finished two sections of the "E-Myth"
- [x] :briefcase: Updated Trolley
- [x] :busts_in_silhouette: Created an Async meeting format
- [x] :busts_in_silhouette: Gave a reference interview for a friend
- [x] :circus_tent: DCUS: Updated budget
- [x] :running: Bought a new pair of running shoes.

## Next Week's Focus: Back to basics and health :chart_with_upwards_trend:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

It was a pretty good week and I got tons done. 

For DCUS, we launched tickets and our sponsorship program. Worked on the home page and a dozen other things I'm forgetting. 

In order to keep everyone up-to-date, instead of a Google Hangout this week, I opted to try an Async meeting format. Basically, I emailed everyone an editable Google doc / agenda, and we all filled in details for our sections. It turned out to be five pages and saved everyone (many with complex schedules) the time of having to attend a meeting. I personally like the format, but it's not something we'll do every time, since meeting discussions are valuable. If anything, this streamlines getting everyone up to date so we can focus on more important details. If an update can be given over email, then why waste the group's time spending 5 or 10 minutes going over it? That's the question that I want to get in everyone's minds as we go forward.

KU won one of their two games and ended up being eliminated during the Elite 8 round of the tournament. I knocked it out of the park with my bracket this year including being in the top 99.6% up until Kansas's loss. It was also a great season for Kansas.

By this time of the year, I look forward to basketball season being over because I find myself eating out way more, drinking way more, and this year is no exception. In previous years, I'd gained 10 to 15 lbs. over the season, but this year I'm happy to say that I lost 15 lbs over the winter. I was down 20 lbs but the increased game watching cut that back to 15 lbs.

I picked up a new pair of running shoes this week which means I'm running out of excuses for not running. The weather has been warmer and it's time.
