# This Week's Accomplishments: May 16, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Daily Goals, Daily

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :baseball: DCUS Mailchimp Cleanup
- [x] :baseball: DCUS Talks, Tutorials, and Financial Aid week
- [x] :bike: Ride to work at least once
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: budget weekly goals
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Cancel secondary insurance coverage :moneybag:
- [x] :muscle: Use my [BetterBack](http://getbetterback.com/) for at least one hour a day
- [x] :stew: General Tso's Chicken :star:
- [x] :stew: Roast Pork & Mashed Potato :star:
- [x] :stew: Seared Salmon Salad
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review Daily Goals, Daily
- [x] :white_check_mark: Complete at least one item from my "Things I'll Do In The Future" checklist

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Sponsorship
- [ ] :books: Finish another section of the "E-Myth"
- [ ] :books: Write a new TIL
- [ ] :muscle: Start a basic Kettlebell workout
- [ ] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] Adopted a :dog:
- [x] Prepped meals for the week

## Next Week's Focus: Complete the Program

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

This week I took a pretty big financial look in the mirror. I have been working on this for a while, but this was the week that it started to really hit home for me.

I took a pretty sobering look at my finances and I set some new goals and I cut out some expenses that I have a hard time justifying. I started over with a new monthly budget with monthly savings goals.

I had lunch with a friend who gave me some great credit advice. This was also eye opening and I set some 3, 6, and 12 month goals. This was definitely a "why didn't I do this sooner?" moment.

This weekend we adopted a :dog:. The verdict is out on if this was amazing or what did I get myself into. Every day I have glimpses of both of these things.
