
# This Week's Accomplishments: January 17, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Baby, It's Cold Outside

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] Cooking: Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches (:thumbsdown:)
- [x] Cooking: Korean Tteok & Spicy Pork "Ragù" (:star:)
- [x] Cooking: Seared Salmon & Salsa Verde (:star:)
- [x] More DjangoCon US 2016 work
- [x] More DjangoCon US planning
- [x] Review more talks submissions for PyCon PC
- [x] Work on weekly personal-goals project
- [x] Box up closet and t-shirts

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] Finish 2015 Year in Review post (I write slowly)
- [ ] Practice Ukulele (I need a plan)

## Additional Things I Did

- [ ] Watched two KU games (won one, lost one)
- [ ] Ordered a new backpack
- [ ] Forked/rewrote [jefftriplett/classifier](https://github.com/jefftriplett/classifier)

## Next Week's Focus: Rethink Weekly Focus Themes

## Things I'll Do Next Week

- [ ] Work on the goals I didn't finish last week

## Week In Review

Another good week. I'm enjoying Blue Apron a lot. It's amazing how stressful planning dinner for a week is for me. Now I have a routine and I get to learn more about food than I would have if I just grabbed random things at the grocery store and tried to make something. I'm now cooking with foods that I commonly buy, yet I never would have thought to cook in that way. 

I have also learned more about portioning too. Now I know what I can make with a smaller portion and it's fine. This is much less stressful than 

Things are going better on the conference front. Coordinating a venue search was more more involved and harder than I thought even when we asked the community to do the leg work. Turns out this was easier said than done. I'm starting to see it come together though and I hope to have this rolling soon.
