# This Week's Accomplishments: August 8, 2016

## This Week's Focus: The Return to Running

- [x] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Venue Comparison Spreadsheet
- [x] :bike: to work
- [x] :books: Write a new TIL
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :guitar: Practice Ukulele
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Go for a run (maybe c25k or something)
- [x] :stew: Brown Butter Cod
- [x] :stew: Lemongrass Chicken Burgers
- [x] :stew: Seared Pork Chops & Plum Salsa
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :calendar: 2nd Tuesday - :running: Trail Hawk Board Meeting

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Budget estimate
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS 2017 Chair Roles and Duties
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Post conference sponsor survey
- [ ] :baseball: DCUS Post conference wrap up
- [ ] :muscle: Kettlebell workout

## Next Week's Focus: A Face in the Crowd 

## Things I'll Do Next Week

Finish off DCUS tasks.

## Week In Review

This was my second week back since running and life felt normal after DCUS. It was the first time I took a client call while running 1/2 a mile to try and push my mileage up a bit. Yay, technology.

After two weeks of running, I can tell my heart and lungs need more work, but I actually don't feel that bad overall. To back up six months, I changed my diet and I dropped 15 lbs before I started running so I feel pretty good with my weight even though I'm 20 lbs off my weight when I finished my trail marathon three years ago. Weight isn't a great indicator of health so if you are reading this, just know that. I just know that I felt healthy 30 lbs ago even though at the time I felt I was 20 lbs over where I wanted to be. I'm happy to revisit in 10 lbs and goals were made to be changed.

I wrote an [article](http://www.revsys.com/tidbits/extend-django-templates-smartly/?utm_content=buffere9a0c&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) for Revsys which has been on my TODO list for probably five or six years. It was nice to see it make the rounds and all of the positive feedback about it. Perhaps I should give this blogging thing a whirl.

Spent some time with runner friends at the annual Sandbar Block Party. I started my weekend exhausted and not quite ready for it, but Saturday night was a fun reminder of how much I like the LFK community and friends.
