# This Week's Accomplishments: April 09, 2018

## This Week's Focus: New Week, New Ukulele Class

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :guitar: cycle humidifier
- [x] :calendar: 1st Wednesday - :baseball: DEFNA Meeting
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :coffee: Brew Keto friendly coffee at home
- [x] :family: Call my family
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :wine_glass: Pick up my wine from wine club

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :beer: Took the Free State Brewery tour
- [x] :busts_in_silhouette: Running Club meeting
- [x] :house: Cleaned all-the-things
- [x] :moneybag: Worked on my taxes. Waiting on my IRA status

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

It was a busy week. Much queso was eaten trying to finish the 2+ lbs of queso we made for our trip last weekend that we had to skip. My son and I are finally back to full health. We took a family brewery tour at Free State Brewery, ordered pizza, and cleaned house. Today, I hosted a random running club meeting, and I tried to catch up and have some family time with my son. 

Other than that it was 85F one day and then it's snowed for the two days following. This weather is bullshit, and I'm over it. 
