# This Week's Accomplishments: April 02, 2018

## This Week's Focus: Back At It

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :black_nib: Update [now page](http://jefftriplett.com/now/)
- [x] :black_nib: Write a blog post
- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay daycare
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay rent
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :calendar: 1st - :guitar: cycle humidifier
- [x] :calendar: 6th - :chart_with_upwards_trend: pay mini-storage rent
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :coffee: Brew Keto friendly coffee at home
- [x] :guitar: Enroll in another Ukulele class
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :tent: Annual [Rocking K](https://ultrasignup.com/register.aspx?did=51692) trip to see :running: friends

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

Back after a few months of using index cards instead of Git Lately, I have had too many irons in the fire, and I let this project go for a few months. Now, I'm back. 

We planned on attending the annual Rocking K race this weekend with friends but had to cancel at the last minute. Oliver and I were sick all week, so it was nice to have a quiet weekend at home. It worked out even though we missed getting to hang out with runner friends and their spouses. 

I signed up for another month Ukulele classes which start next week. I'm looking forward to using the Tenor Ukulele I picked up last year. Tenors are larger than the average Ukulele which is easier to play for someone with large hands/fingers like me.
