# This Week's Accomplishments: April 16, 2018

## This Week's Focus: Pay My Taxes

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :coffee: Brew Keto friendly coffee at home
- [x] :guitar: Ukulele class
- [x] :moneybag: Finish taxes
- [x] :muscle: Take vitamins
- [x] :running: Ran a 5k loop at the trails
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals
- [x] :wine_glass: Pick up my wine from wine club

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :birthday: Visited a friend's birthday party
- [x] :haircut: Got a haircut

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :black_nib: Finish 2017 goals post
- [ ] :calendar: Write/publish new DEFNA Board members post
- [ ] :hammer: Finish project cleanup TV cables
- [ ] :home: Assemble my desk

## Next Week's Focus: :grey_question:

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

I finished my taxes which was the most significant thing on my list this last week. Having a little one and trying to figure out my taxes

I got to attend my friend's :birthday: in KC. We had a date night on Saturday and hung out with a few friends. Oliver cut his first two teeth this weekend. 

I also ran for the first time since Thanksgiving which means my Thanksgiving break is now complete. I ran the first half of a 5k loop without stopping for a break which means I could finish a 2 mile run without needing to stop which is an excellent place for me to be. Before my break, I had just started completing 4 to 5-mile runs without needing a walk break. I look forward to putting more time and getting back into shape. 

I also mostly ate queso at night, and I'm within 3 lbs of my goal weight so there's that. 
