# This Week's Accomplishments: October 14, 2019

## This Week's Focus: October Update

## Things I Did From the List ([Resources](resources.md))

- [x] :books: Weekly personal-goals project
- [x] :calendar: 15th - :eyeglasses: cycle contacts
- [x] :chart_with_upwards_trend: Review weekly budget goals
- [x] :coffee: Brew Keto friendly coffee at home
- [x] :stew: Weekly meal prep for lunch
- [x] :white_check_mark: Review daily goals

## Week In Review

I have been a little off of my weekly update game, which seems to be a common theme around DjangoCon US time of year. I make no promises going forward about how long or often I'll update here, but he's another week while I'm thinking of it. 

Speaking of [DjangoCon US, videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2NFhrDSOxgXXUMIGOs8lNe2B-f4pXOX-) are up! 

This weekend my mother and sister came up Saturday for a visit. Things were going great until my son got sick and started throwing up Saturday night. Three episodes, one rug, most of the dinner, and several floor cleanings before we got through it. My son was a trooper and didn't freak out, panic, or wasn't overly upset even though he had to take three bathes within a few hours to clean him up. Parenting is not glamorous, folks.

I watched the KU Football game with friends and family while the puke fest was going on. Great game, and even though KU lost in the last 5 seconds. We'll take it. 

On Sunday, we went to the Maple Leaf Festival in Baldwin City, KS. Parking can be an issue, so we parked at the high school and bused in. My son loves buses, and even though he's two, he knows every type that Lawrence has and can spot them from a mile away. He was beyond thrilled to get to ride his first bus. 
